Danielle Evans, Virgins. From before you suffocate your own fool self.

Look what Eddie gave me," said Cindy, all friendly. She pulled a pink teddy bear out of her purse and squeezed its belly. It sang, you are my sunshine in a vibrating robot voice. That's nice, said Jasmine, her voice so high that she sounded almost like the teddy bear. Cindy smiled and walked off with Eddie, swinging her hips back and forth.

I don't have a teddy bear, neither," said Eddie's friend, Trey, putting an arm around Jasmine. She pushed him off. Trey was the kind of boy my mother would have said, stay away from. But she said to stay away from all men. Come on, Jasmine, Trey said. I lost my teddy bear. Can I sleep with you tonight?

Jasmine looked at Trey like he was stupid. Michael put an arm around each of our shoulders and kissed us both on the cheek. Me first, then Jasmine. You know these are my girls, he said to Trey. Leave them alone.

His friends mostly left me alone anyway, because they knew I wasn't good for anything but a little kissing. But I was glad he'd included me. Michael nodded goodbye as he and his friends walked toward their movie. Eddie and Cindy stayed there, kissing, like that's what they paid admission for. I grabbed Jasmine's hand and pulled her toward the ticket counter.

That's nasty," I said. She looks nasty all up on him in public like that. No one ever brought me a singing teddy bear, said Jasmine. Probably no one ever will buy me a singing teddy bear. I'll buy you a singing teddy bear, stupid, I said. Shut up, she said. She'd been sucking on her bottom lip so hard she'd suck the lipstick off it, and her lips were two different colors. Don't you ever want to matter to somebody?

I matter to you and Michael." Jasmine clicked her tongue. Say, Michael had to shoot either you or that Italian chick who's letting him hit it right now. Who do you think he would save? Why does he have to shoot somebody, I said. He just does.

Well, he'd save me then. She's just a girl who's sleeping with him. And you're just a girl who isn't, Jasmine said. That's your problem, Erica. You don't understand adult relationships. Where are the adults, I asked, turning in circles with my hands to my forehead like a sea captain looking for land. You're right, she said. I'm tired of these little boys. Next weekend, we're going to the city. We're going to find some real guys who know how to treat us.

That's not the idea I meant for Jasmine to have.

The friends wanted to know what the prostitutes had looked like, how they dressed, what they'd said. They wanted details. They looked like normal people, Marsha said, shrugging. You know, just young, poor people, locals. But they were very complimentary. They kept saying, hello, nice people, massage. Nice massage for nice people.

Little did they know, John joked, furrowing his eyebrows like a maniac. The friends laughed. We'd read about it in the guidebook, Marsha said. You're not supposed to acknowledge them at all. You don't even look them in the eye. If you do, they'll never leave you alone. The beach boys, the male prostitutes, I mean. It's sad, she added. Tragic. And really, one wonders how anybody can starve in a place like that.

There was food everywhere. Fruit on every tree. I just don't understand it. And the city was rife with garbage. Rife, she proclaimed. She put down her fork. Wouldn't you say, hun? I wouldn't say rife, John answered, wiping the corners of his mouth with his cloth napkin.

Fragrant, more like. The waiter collected the unfinished plates of pasta, then returned and took their orders of cheesecake and pie and decaffeinated coffee. John was quiet. He scrolled through photos on his cell phone, looking for a picture he'd taken of a monkey seated on the head of a Virgin Mary statue. The statue was painted in bright colors and its nose was chipped, showing the white, chalky plaster under the paint.

The monkey was black and shiny, with wide-spaced neurotic eyes. Its tail curled under Mary's chin. John turned the screen of his phone toward the table. This little guy, he said. Aw, the friends cried. They wanted to know, were the monkeys feral? Were they smelly? Are the people Catholic? Are they very religious there?

Catholic, Marsha said, nodding, and the monkeys were everywhere. Cute, but very sneaky. One of them stole John's pen right out of his pocket. She rattled off whatever facts she could remember from the nature tour they'd taken. I think there are laws about eating the monkeys. I'm not so sure. They all spoke English, she repeated, but sometimes it was hard to understand them. The guides, I mean, not the monkeys, she chuckled. The monkeys spoke Russian naturally, John said, and put away his phone.

Sarah Gerard, the killer, from Grunica. They paid the bill and left, gathering on the sidewalk. Nathan said to them, we live down the beach, come over. Amy tried to decline. Benjamin held her by the elbow. She allowed him to lead her, and by the time they reached the sand behind the pelican, she'd managed to free herself and catch up with Carol.

They walk the waterline. There is another option if you don't want to kill them yourself. Carol told her. Then turning to Nathan, we can put them in touch with Chance. Nathan fell into step with him. He draped an arm around his wife's waist. Is Chance an exterminator? Said Amy. I hesitate to tell you more about our relationship, Nathan joked. I don't talk God or politics in mixed company. I'm a registered Democrat, said Benjamin.

He comes out and shoots the iguanas, then disposes of the carcasses," said Carroll. He charges a reasonable fee. Nathan smiled. He actually became somewhat notorious when he posted some pictures of one of his hunts on Facebook recently.

Carroll continued, he can guarantee up to 100 iguanas in a single hunt. He had them all laid out in rows with their legs bound and huge plastic bins of dead lizards, rooms and hallways full of them. Then these happy white men in t-shirts with the sleeves cut off posing. You can imagine, said Nathan, thousands of shares, people calling him a murderer. He's doing our community a service, really.

They climbed a narrow path worn into the seagrass. It led to the screened-in pool of a stone lanai furnished in rattan. Nathan went behind the bar with his phone to his ear. He fixed their drinks out of earshot. Carol invited them to sit on a love seat.

She offered them each a cigarette. They declined. I suppose you know too much about the consequences of smoking. She lit the cigarette and drew out the motion of removing it from her mouth. A slip of smoke hovered between her lips. My father was a pack-a-day smoker until he died at 92. I figure I'm immune. I'm not sure that would stand up to peer review, said Benjamin. You're right. Too emotional.

